Add an option for generating debug symbols from DDC (#3120)
dart-lang/build: build_web_compilers/CHANGELOG.md

## 3.1.0-dev

- Add the `generate-debug-symbols` option for the `build_web_compilers:ddc`

>   builder. The sdebug ymbols output is used by the debugger in webdev for

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  builder. The debug symbols output is used by the debugger in webdev for
```

>   variable inspection. This setting is disabled by default but can be

Reviewer 2: Should we consider enabling this by default, or even making it non-configurable?

How many users do we expect to want this?

Author: Eventually everyone will use it, but the feature will not be ready for some time. I am hiding it now since it is still in development stage, and plan to enable it after dogfooding.
